adding-new-view-information.md (#29286)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_siem/detection_rules/mitre_attack_map.md

To view detection rules against the MITRE ATT&CK Framework:
1. Navigate to the [Detection Rules][1] page.
1. Click the **MITRE ATT&CK Map** button located next to **Rules List**.

> 1. Toggle the zoom button to flip between an expanded view and a condensed view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Toggle the resize button on the bottom left side of the page to switch between an expanded view and a condensed view.
```
